src: track BaseObjects with an efficient list (#55104)
nodejs/node: src/README.md

Inside these cleanup hooks, new asynchronous operations _may_ be started on the
event loop, although ideally that is avoided as much as possible.

> For every [`ReqWrap`][] and [`HandleWrap`][] instance, cleanup of the associated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every [`ReqWrap`][] and [`HandleWrap`][] instance, the cleanup of the associated
```

> libuv objects is performed automatically, i.e. handles are closed and requests
> are cancelled if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libuv objects is performed automatically, (i.e. handles are closed and requests
are cancelled, if possible).
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion but I don't think it is necessary to add parentheses here.

#### Cleanup realms and BaseObjects

Realm cleanup depends on the realm types. All realms are destroyed when the

> [`Environment`][] is destroyed with cleanup hook. A [`ShadowRealm`][] can also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Environment`][] is destroyed with [a/the] cleanup hook. A [`ShadowRealm`][] can also
```

be destroyed by the garbage collection when there is no strong reference to it.

> Every [`BaseObject`][] is tracked with its creation realm and will be destroyed
> at the time when the realm is tearing down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every [`BaseObject`][] is tracked with its creation realm and will be destroyed
during the realm's teardown.
```
